
Privacy Protection Policy for Classic Bricks puzzle
Classic Bricks puzzle respects and protects the privacy of all users who use Classic Bricks puzzle network service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, Classic Bricks puzzle will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. But the Classic Bricks puzzle will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise stipulated in this privacy policy, the Classic Bricks puzzle will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. Classic Bricks puzzle updates this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to the Classic Bricks puzzle Protocol for the Use of Internet Services, you are deemed to have agreed to the full content of this Privacy Policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the Classic Bricks puzzle Network Service Use Protocol.
Scope of application
(a) When you register for the Classic Bricks puzzle Account, you provide personal registration information according to the requirements of the Classic Bricks puzzle (except for the business name and related business registration information required by laws and regulations);
B) When you use the Classic Bricks puzzle Network Service or visit the Classic Bricks puzzle Platform Web pages, Mailang automatically receives and records information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware features, and web pages you need. Recording and other data;
C) Classic Bricks puzzle user personal data obtained from business partners through legal channels.
You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this privacy policy:
A) The keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by the Classic Bricks puzzle Platform;
B) The relevant information and data collected by the Classic Bricks puzzle that you released during the Classic Bricks puzzle;
C) Violation of the law or the rules of Mailang. com and the measures you have taken to ease your driving test.
Information usage
(a) Classic Bricks puzzle will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless prior permission is obtained from you or the third party and Mailang Network (including Classic Bricks puzzle Associates) provide services for you individually or jointly, and after the end of the service, they will be prohibited from accessing, including by All of this information that was previously accessible.
B) Classic Bricks puzzle does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information free of charge. If any user of Mailang Platform engages in the above activities, once found, Mailang has the right to terminate the service agreement with that user immediately.
C) For the purpose of serving users, Classic Bricks puzzle may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest, including, but not limited to, products and services, or to share information with Classic Bricks puzzle partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires you). First agree.
information disclosure
Under the following circumstances, the Classic Bricks puzzle will disclose all or part of your personal information according to your personal wishes or legal provisions:
(a) Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent;
B) in order to provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party.
